i
I'm going to teach you how to make a green juice
one of my favorite energizers
stimulating and very appetizing in
ingredients orange juice apple
banana that we will use to give it a little
of sweetness spinach almond seeds
flax and ginger good obviously if not
you have some of the ingredients
nothing happens then we will start by throwing a
little orange juice that we have
done previously and then we will cut a
apple to pieces to make it easier
to beat and I recommend that you do not
Alavese fights just fine
Now let's take a seed
linen can be previously thrown in a
glass of water
but I recommend having it an hour or two
hours before it will be created as a bit of
Gelatin is worth it if you can not do it
you want to do it immediately
directly we throw the seeds in
our forums
then I will also add almonds
you can use other nuts that
you like me the almond is one of the
nuts that I like the most and also
It has many vitamins
we also put it in our glass
mixer
and we are going to add a displaced piece
As you can see, it is very mature
precisely so that it is called that is
one of the problems so to the
people do not like green juice is
because it's not sweet I'm also going to add
a few spinach is good for
give it that green characteristic of
juices because it is very high in iron
and that you know that spinach you do not know
to nothing in this juice finally I'm going to
add a piece of ginger this is
optional because there are people who do not
like it I am going to add some
ginger and I'm going to beat at least one
couple of minutes at maximum speed and
we have our juices prepared
I recommend serving it very cold if you want
You can also snack on some ice
inside the juice is very good idea to
make it more refreshing and now we only
is to take it
I hope you liked it a lot
a moment remember that before you leave
you can subscribe to our channel
youtube can also follow us on
social networks and share with your
friends and on our website you will find a
form where you can subscribe and
receive free extras thank you very much